README.md, before:

# Wordle Solver

A modular Python application for solving [Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html) puzzles and playing Wordle-style games.

## Features

- **Solver Mode**: Get optimal word suggestions while playing Wordle externally
- **Game Mode**: Play Wordle directly within the application against the computer
- **Advanced Algorithm**: Uses letter frequency analysis and word commonality for smart suggestions
- **Statistics**: Tracks your performance over time with detailed statistics
- **Rich CLI**: Beautiful, colorful command-line interface

## Architecture

The application follows a modular architecture with clean separation between backend and frontend:

### Backend Modules

- **Word Manager**: Handles loading, filtering, and managing word lists
- **Solver**: Contains algorithms to suggest optimal guesses and track game state
- **Game Engine**: Manages the game when the computer selects a target word
- **Stats Manager**: Tracks and persists game statistics and history

### Frontend Modules

- **CLI Interface**: Rich-based command-line interface for user interaction

This modular architecture enables:
1. Adding new frontends (web, GUI) without changing the backend
2. Independent testing of components
3. Clear separation of concerns for easier maintenance

## Usage

Run the application using:

```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py
```

### Solver Mode

1. Play Wordle in your favorite app or website
2. Enter your guess and the result pattern using:
   - G = Green (correct position)
   - Y = Yellow (right letter, wrong position)
   - B = Black (not in the word)
3. Get suggestions for your next guess

### Game Mode

1. The application selects a random 5-letter word
2. You have 6 attempts to guess the word
3. After each guess, you'll see the result pattern
4. Use hints if you need assistance (costs one guess)

## Development

### Requirements

- Python 3.8+
- Rich library

### Testing
# Wordle Solver

A Python application that helps you solve Wordle puzzles and lets you play the game.

## Features

- **Solver Mode**: Get suggestions while playing Wordle on any platform
- **Play Mode**: Play Wordle against the computer
- **Advanced Algorithm**: Sophisticated word suggestion algorithm
- **Rich CLI Interface**: Beautiful terminal interface with colored feedback

## Installation

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/wordle-solver.git
cd wordle-solver
```

### 2. Create and activate a virtual environment

```bash
python -m venv venv

# On Windows
venv\Scripts\activate

# On macOS/Linux
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install dependencies

```bash
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

Run the application:

```bash
python -m src.main
```

Or if you installed it with pip:

```bash
wordle-solver
```

## Game Modes

### Solver Mode

In this mode, you play Wordle in your favorite app or website, and the solver suggests words to try.

1. Enter your guess
2. Enter the result using:
   - G = Green (correct position)
   - Y = Yellow (right letter, wrong position)
   - B = Black (not in the word)
3. Get suggestions for your next guess

### Play Mode

Play Wordle directly in the terminal:

1. The computer picks a 5-letter word
2. You have 6 attempts to guess it
3. After each guess, you'll see colored feedback

## Development

### Running Tests

```bash
pytest
```

### Type Checking

```bash
mypy src
```

## License

MIT
Run the tests using:

```bash
python -m unittest discover src/modules/tests
```

## Future Improvements

- Web interface
- Mobile app
- AI-based suggestions
- Customizable word lists

Commit message:

Remove cleanup.zsh script and streamline project structure
Eliminate the outdated cleanup script as it's no longer required with the modular project structure. Update README and documentation to reflect automated hint suggestions and simplify usage instructions. Introduce requirements-dev.txt for development dependencies, moving unrelated packages from requirements.txt.

README.md, after:

# Wordle Solver

A modular Python application for solving [Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html) puzzles and playing Wordle-style games.

## Features

- **Solver Mode**: Get optimal word suggestions while playing Wordle externally
- **Game Mode**: Play Wordle directly within the application against the computer
- **Advanced Algorithm**: Uses letter frequency analysis and word commonality for smart suggestions
- **Statistics**: Tracks your performance over time with detailed statistics
- **Rich CLI**: Beautiful, colorful command-line interface

## Architecture

The application follows a modular architecture with clean separation between backend and frontend:

### Backend Modules

- **Word Manager**: Handles loading, filtering, and managing word lists
- **Solver**: Contains algorithms to suggest optimal guesses and track game state
- **Game Engine**: Manages the game when the computer selects a target word
- **Stats Manager**: Tracks and persists game statistics and history

### Frontend Modules

- **CLI Interface**: Rich-based command-line interface for user interaction

This modular architecture enables:
1. Adding new frontends (web, GUI) without changing the backend
2. Independent testing of components
3. Clear separation of concerns for easier maintenance

## Usage

Run the application using:

```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py
```

### Solver Mode

1. Play Wordle in your favorite app or website
2. Enter your guess and the result pattern using:
   - G = Green (correct position)
   - Y = Yellow (right letter, wrong position)
   - B = Black (not in the word)
3. The top 10 most likely word suggestions will be shown automatically after every guess—no need to type 'hint'.

### Game Mode

1. Select Game Mode from the main menu
2. The computer will randomly select a 5-letter word
3. Enter your guesses (must be valid 5-letter words)
4. After each guess, the application will display the result pattern:
   - G = Green (correct position)
   - Y = Yellow (right letter, wrong position)
   - B = Black (not in the word)
5. You have 6 attempts to guess the word
6. Game statistics are tracked and displayed after each game

## Development

### Requirements

- Python 3.8+
- Rich library

### Testing
# Wordle Solver

A Python application that helps you solve Wordle puzzles and lets you play the game.

## Features

- **Solver Mode**: Get suggestions while playing Wordle on any platform
- **Play Mode**: Play Wordle against the computer
- **Advanced Algorithm**: Sophisticated word suggestion algorithm
- **Rich CLI Interface**: Beautiful terminal interface with colored feedback

## Installation

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/wordle-solver.git
cd wordle-solver
```

### 2. Create and activate a virtual environment

```bash
python -m venv venv

# On Windows
venv\Scripts\activate

# On macOS/Linux
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install dependencies

```bash
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

Run the application:

```bash
python -m src.main
```

Or if you installed it with pip:

```bash
wordle-solver
```

## Game Modes

### Solver Mode

In this mode, you play Wordle in your favorite app or website, and the solver suggests words to try.

1. Enter your guess
2. Enter the result using:
   - G = Green (correct position)
   - Y = Yellow (right letter, wrong position)
   - B = Black (not in the word)
3. The top 10 most likely word suggestions will be shown automatically after every guess—no need to type 'hint'.

### Play Mode

Play Wordle directly in the terminal:

1. The computer picks a 5-letter word
2. You have 6 attempts to guess it
3. After each guess, you'll see colored feedback

## Development

### Running Tests

```bash
pytest
```

### Type Checking

```bash
mypy src
```

## License

MIT

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please see the [docs/Requirements.md](docs/Requirements.md) and [docs/ARCHITECTURE.md](docs/ARCHITECTURE.md) for more information on the project structure and requirements.

## Future Improvements

- Web interface
- Mobile app
- AI-based suggestions
- Customizable word lists
