docs/Usage.md, before:

# Usage Guide

## 1.0 Installation

### 1.10 Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- pip (Python package manager)
- Virtual environment tool (recommended)

### 1.20 Environment Setup

1.21 Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/wordle-solver.git
cd wordle-solver
```

1.22 Create and activate a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv

# On Windows
venv\Scripts\activate

# On macOS/Linux
source venv/bin/activate
```

1.23 Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## 2.0 Running the Application

### 2.10 Basic Usage

2.11 Start the application:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py
```

2.12 Alternative start method:
```bash
python -m src.main
```

### 2.20 Application Modes

2.21 **Solver Mode**
- Select this mode when you need help solving an external Wordle puzzle
- The application will suggest optimal words to guess
- After each guess, enter the result pattern using:
  - G: Green (correct letter, correct position)
  - Y: Yellow (correct letter, wrong position)
  - B: Black (letter not in word)

2.22 **Game Mode**
- Play a complete Wordle game against the computer
- The application selects a random word for you to guess
- You have 6 attempts to guess the word
- The application automatically evaluates and displays results

### 2.30 Command Line Arguments

2.31 View help:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --help
```

2.32 Start in specific mode:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --mode solver
python run_wordle_solver.py --mode game
```

2.33 Set difficulty level (game mode):
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --mode game --difficulty easy
```

## 3.0 Gameplay Instructions

### 3.10 Solver Mode

3.11 Enter your guess when prompted (must be a 5-letter word)

3.12 Enter the result pattern from the external Wordle game:
```
Enter result (G=Green, Y=Yellow, B=Black): GYBBB
```

3.13 Review the suggested next guesses

3.14 Continue until you solve the puzzle or exhaust your attempts

### 3.20 Game Mode

3.21 Enter your guess when prompted (must be a 5-letter word)

3.22 The application will automatically show the result pattern

3.23 Continue guessing until you find the word or use all 6 attempts

3.24 View your statistics after completing the game

## 4.0 Advanced Features

### 4.10 Statistics

4.11 View game statistics:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --stats
```

4.12 Reset statistics:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --reset-stats
```

### 4.20 Custom Word Lists

4.21 You can use custom word lists by replacing the files:
- `src/words.txt`: Complete dictionary of valid words
- `src/common_words.txt`: Common words for better suggestions

4.22 Word list format:
- One word per line
- All words must be 5 letters
- Lowercase letters only

## 5.0 Troubleshooting

### 5.10 Common Errors

5.11 **ModuleNotFoundError**
- Ensure you are running from the project root directory
- Verify all dependencies are installed
- Check your virtual environment is activated

5.12 **Permission Denied**
- Check file permissions for logs and word lists
- Ensure write access to the application directory

5.13 **Encoding Errors**
- Use UTF-8 encoding if editing word list files
- Avoid special characters in inputs

5.14 **Display Issues**
- Ensure your terminal supports colors
- Try updating the Rich library
- Use the `--no-color` option if colors cause problems

### 5.20 Logs

5.21 Check the log files in the `logs` directory:
```bash
cat logs/wordle_solver.log
```

5.22 Increase logging verbosity:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --verbose
```

## 6.0 Testing

6.10 Run all tests:
```bash
python -m pytest
```

6.20 Run specific test modules:
```bash
python -m pytest src/tests/test_solver.py
```

6.30 Generate coverage report:
```bash
python -m pytest --cov=src
```

## 7.0 Getting Help

If you encounter issues not covered in this guide, please:

- Check the README.md file for additional information
- Review open and closed issues in the project repository
- Submit a new issue with detailed reproduction steps

## Running the Application
To start the application, run:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py
```

### Modes
- **Solver Mode**: Get suggestions for your next Wordle guess. Enter your guess and the result pattern (G=Green, Y=Yellow, B=Black).
- **Game Mode**: Play Wordle against the computer in the terminal.

## Common Errors & Troubleshooting
- **ModuleNotFoundError**: Ensure you are running Python from the project root and dependencies are installed.
- **Permission Denied**: Check file permissions, especially for logs and word lists.
- **Encoding Errors**: Use UTF-8 encoding if you edit word list files.
- **No output or CLI issues**: Make sure your terminal supports color (Rich library).

## Tips & Gotchas
- Always enter 5-letter words and 5-character result patterns.
- The application logs to `logs/wordle_solver.log` by default.
- For best results, use the provided word lists (`src/words.txt`, `src/common_words.txt`).

## Running Tests
To run all tests:
```bash
python -m unittest discover src/modules/tests
```

If you encounter issues not listed here, check the log file or consult the documentation.

Commit message:

Remove cleanup.zsh script and streamline project structure
Eliminate the outdated cleanup script as it's no longer required with the modular project structure. Update README and documentation to reflect automated hint suggestions and simplify usage instructions. Introduce requirements-dev.txt for development dependencies, moving unrelated packages from requirements.txt.

docs/Usage.md, after:

# Usage Guide

## 1.0 Installation

### 1.10 Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- pip (Python package manager)
- Virtual environment tool (recommended)

### 1.20 Environment Setup

1.21 Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/wordle-solver.git
cd wordle-solver
```

1.22 Create and activate a virtual environment:
```bash
python -m venv venv

# On Windows
venv\Scripts\activate

# On macOS/Linux
source venv/bin/activate
```

1.23 Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## 2.0 Running the Application

### 2.10 Basic Usage

2.11 Start the application:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py
```

2.12 Alternative start method:
```bash
python -m src.main
```

### 2.20 Application Modes

#### Solver Mode
- Use this mode to get suggestions while playing Wordle elsewhere.
- Enter your guess and the result pattern (G, Y, B) after each attempt.
- The top 10 most likely word suggestions will be shown automatically after every guess—no need to type 'hint'.

#### Game Mode
- Play Wordle directly in the terminal against the computer.
- Enter your guesses; the application will provide feedback after each guess.
- You have 6 attempts to guess the word.

### 2.30 Command Line Arguments

2.31 View help:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --help
```

2.32 Start in specific mode:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --mode solver
python run_wordle_solver.py --mode game
```

2.33 Set difficulty level (game mode):
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --mode game --difficulty easy
```

## 3.0 Gameplay Instructions

### 3.10 Solver Mode

3.11 Enter your guess when prompted (must be a 5-letter word)

3.12 Enter the result pattern from the external Wordle game:
```
Enter result (G=Green, Y=Yellow, B=Black): GYBBB
```

3.13 Review the suggested next guesses

3.14 Continue until you solve the puzzle or exhaust your attempts

### 3.20 Game Mode

3.21 Enter your guess when prompted (must be a 5-letter word)

3.22 The application will automatically show the result pattern

3.23 Continue guessing until you find the word or use all 6 attempts

3.24 View your statistics after completing the game

## 4.0 Advanced Features

### 4.10 Statistics

4.11 View game statistics:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --stats
```

4.12 Reset statistics:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --reset-stats
```

### 4.20 Custom Word Lists

4.21 You can use custom word lists by replacing the files:
- `src/words.txt`: Complete dictionary of valid words
- `src/common_words.txt`: Common words for better suggestions

4.22 Word list format:
- One word per line
- All words must be 5 letters
- Lowercase letters only

## 5.0 Troubleshooting

### 5.10 Common Errors

5.11 **ModuleNotFoundError**
- Ensure you are running from the project root directory
- Verify all dependencies are installed
- Check your virtual environment is activated

5.12 **Permission Denied**
- Check file permissions for logs and word lists
- Ensure write access to the application directory

5.13 **Encoding Errors**
- Use UTF-8 encoding if editing word list files
- Avoid special characters in inputs

5.14 **Display Issues**
- Ensure your terminal supports colors
- Try updating the Rich library
- Use the `--no-color` option if colors cause problems

### 5.20 Logs

5.21 Check the log files in the `logs` directory:
```bash
cat logs/wordle_solver.log
```

5.22 Increase logging verbosity:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py --verbose
```

## 6.0 Testing

6.10 Run all tests:
```bash
python -m pytest
```

6.20 Run specific test modules:
```bash
python -m pytest src/tests/test_solver.py
```

6.30 Generate coverage report:
```bash
python -m pytest --cov=src
```

## 7.0 Getting Help

If you encounter issues not covered in this guide, please:

- Check the README.md file for additional information
- Review open and closed issues in the project repository
- Submit a new issue with detailed reproduction steps

## Running the Application
To start the application, run:
```bash
python run_wordle_solver.py
```

### Modes
- **Solver Mode**: Get suggestions for your next Wordle guess. Enter your guess and the result pattern (G=Green, Y=Yellow, B=Black).
- **Game Mode**: Play Wordle against the computer in the terminal.

## Common Errors & Troubleshooting
- **ModuleNotFoundError**: Ensure you are running Python from the project root and dependencies are installed.
- **Permission Denied**: Check file permissions, especially for logs and word lists.
- **Encoding Errors**: Use UTF-8 encoding if you edit word list files.
- **No output or CLI issues**: Make sure your terminal supports color (Rich library).

## Tips & Gotchas
- Always enter 5-letter words and 5-character result patterns.
- The application logs to `logs/wordle_solver.log` by default.
- For best results, use the provided word lists (`src/words.txt`, `src/common_words.txt`).

## Running Tests
To run all tests:
```bash
python -m unittest discover src/modules/tests
```

If you encounter issues not listed here, check the log file or consult the documentation.
